plevel.sh(1)
============

NAME
----
plevel.sh -  Interpolates data from model levels to pressure level

SYNOPSIS
--------
[verse]
plevel.sh [-a] [-3] [-0] [-f] [-d #] -i file [-o out_file] [-m] [-z #] [-s] [fields.....]

DESCRIPTION
-----------

Interpolates data from model levels to pressure levels. The input
model grid is a hybrid sigma-pressure coordinate and the output
pressure levels may be specified. The minimum required input fields
are "bk", "pk", and "ps".

OPTIONS
-------
*-a*::
Output all fields converting 3d fields to pressure levels.

*-3*::
Output and convert all 3d fields to pressure levels.

*-0*::
When fields sphum or zsurf do not exist use zero, otherwise fail.

*-m*::
Default missing value is used for all fields (the _FillValue).

*-x*::
DO NOT set data extrapolated beneath the surface to missing values.

*-i* _file_::
Input netcdf file, the file must contain the required variables (pk,
bk, ps, ...). If the -i files option is omitted a usage message is
printed.

*-o* _out_file_::
The output file name. (Default: plevel.nc)

*-p* _plevs_::
A list of output pressure levels in pascals (with no decimal point).
The default is the 17 NCEP reananalysis levels (bottom to top). The
list must be in quotes and values must be separated by a space.

*-d* _value_::
The verbosity level, use an integer number where value >= 0. (Default:
value=1)

*-t* _#,#,#_::
The starting, ending, and increment index for time axis processing
where # is a positive number. (The default is to process all time
indices.)

*-z* _#_::
If using NetCDF4, use deflation of level #. Defaults to input file
settings.

*-s* _1|0_::
If using NetCDF4, use shuffle if 1 and don't use if 0. Defaults to
input file settings.

_fields_::
A list of (additional) output fields. If this list is not supplied,
then the "-a" or "-3" option must be specified.  Possible list entries
included any fields in the input files, and additional fields: slp,
hght. Additional input fields may be required for these output fields.

BUGS
----
Send bug reports to GFDL's help desk <oar.gfdl.help@noaa.gov>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
---------------------
Copyright 2009, 2017, 2024 Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory

The Flexible Modeling System (FMS) is free software; you can
redistribute it and/or modify it and are expected to follow the terms
of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

FMS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License
for more details.
